My favorite coding language has to be C# so far. If you get into computer
science, all of your instructors are going to say, "You can learn
any language. It doesn't matter which one it is. They're all the same",
which is, you know, it's true in a sense. So, C# for me, has been
the easiest language to learn. Yes, all computer science languages
are very very similar but some are easier to learn than others and
it's because I like that for purpose. I think everything, from cars
to airplanes, everything that's been created has a curve where it
should be easier, the later it is in its cycle. So, when computers first
came around, everybody was working with vacuum tubes, you know,
physical things. Then, it became assembly language, then it became
machine language, then it became A, then B, then C, then C#, then Python
and Java. So, the later languages I think are based on the ones
before and they said, "Hey, how can we make this easier?" and it just
got better and better and better. So, for me, C#, it sounds like
someone's talking, it sounds like, by sound I mean, you look at the
code and it says "If Bob is". Anyways, it's really easy to read once
you're reading the code and earlier versions I think are not as user-friendly.
So, C# is the language for me.